[music]
road accident with human
the victims happened tonight on
two hundred and sixty fourth kilometer
horoskovskogo hour let's get acquainted
Katia me at all to people looking at
our good people work fine
but for some reason direct yourself to the good
side can not in the church built them
tomorrow in and will cover a bunch of bench press
Well, first of all for the church
built here because of people like you they
will return
who kissed his kill you little by
Shkodunami still broke it with you
we were imprisoned so he then heard from them
like clockwork now after there
cells of how in the world how are you
girls don't kiss me
if there is a baby and where are you
[music]
traffic accident
happened at 21:17
killed the driver and three passengers
the bus
good bye wedding